[IMP] Payroll: Updating work entries (#14885)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll/work_entries.rst

Reviewer: im not really sure where the month/year came from, but this is what i'm seeing when i hover over the icon: 

<img width="1008" height="534" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/34355fc0-e0ac-4d58-9917-a7ffb98b56bd" />

```suggestion
shown, click the :icon:`fa-calendar` :guilabel:`(Calendar)` button. A drop-down menu appears with
```

  :guilabel:`Rounding` field, this field appears. Select either :guilabel:`Up` or :guilabel:`Down`
  to determine how the rounding is handled.

.. example::
   The working time is set to an 8-hour work day (a 40-hour work week). An employee enters a time of
   5.5 hours on a work entry.

   If the :guilabel:`Rounding` is set to :guilabel:`No Rounding`, the work entry remains at 5.5
   hours.

   If the :guilabel:`Rounding` is set to :guilabel:`Half Day`, and the :guilabel:`Rounding Type` is
   set to :guilabel:`Down`, the work entry is changed to 4 hours. If the :guilabel:`Rounding Type`
   is set to :guilabel:`Up`, the work entry is changed to 8 hours.

   If the :guilabel:`Rounding` is set to :guilabel:`Day`, and the :guilabel:`Rounding Type` is set
   to :guilabel:`Down`, the work entry is changed to zero hours. If the :guilabel:`Rounding Type` is
   set to :guilabel:`Up`, the work entry is changed to 8 hours.

Unpaid section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Unpaid in Structures Types`: If the work entry type is for work that is *not paid*,
  specify which pay structure the unpaid work entry type applies to, using the drop-down menu. Some

>   situations where work is logged on a payslip, but no compensation is given, may be for unpaid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  situations where work is logged on a payslip, but no compensation is given, such as for unpaid
```

  internships, unpaid training, or volunteer work.

Time off options section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - :guilabel:`Time Off`: Tick this box if the work entry type can be selected for a time off request,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Time Off`: Tick this box if the work entry type can be selected for a time off request
```
